Add section in the docs for reduced operations (#4235)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/operations.md

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
using Oceananigans.Grids: φnode

cond(i, j, k, grid, c) = φnode(j, grid, Center()) > 0

conditional_∫c = Field(Integral(c, dims=(1, 2), condition=cond)) # only integrates when conditions is true

# output
1×1×5 Field{Nothing, Nothing, Center} reduced over dims = (1, 2) on LatitudeLongitudeGrid on CPU
├── data: OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, Array{Float64, 3}}, size: (1, 1, 5)
├── grid: 60×10×5 LatitudeLongitudeGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 3×3×3 halo and with precomputed metrics
├── operand: Integral of ConditionalOperation of BinaryOperation at (Center, Center, Center) with condition cond (generic function with 1 method) over dims (1, 2)
├── status: time=0.0
└── data: 1×1×11 OffsetArray(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1:1, 1:1, -2:8) with eltype Float64 with indices 1:1×1:1×-2:8
    └── max=0.0, min=0.0, mean=0.0
```

Above we have attached a condition to the operand.
Now the operand is applied only when the condition is true.
Let's compute and see if we get 1/4 of the area of the sphere

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
compute!(conditional_∫c)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        │   └── 4×1×4 Field{Center, Center, Center} on RectilinearGrid on CPU
        └── 2
```

## Averages and integrals

Let's demonstrate now how we can compute the average or the integral of a field over the grid or over some part of the grid.

We start by creating a latitude-longitude grid that only goes up to 30 degrees latitude.
Conveniently, with this latitude extend that grid covers half the total area of the sphere, i.e., `2π * grid.radius^2`.

Let's try to estimate this are using `Integral` operation.
We create a Field, we fill it with ones and we integrate it over the whole grid.

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
using Oceananigans

grid = LatitudeLongitudeGrid(CPU(); size=(60, 10, 5),
                                    latitude = (-30, 30),
                                    longitude = (0, 360),
                                    z = (-1000, 0))

> c = CenterField(grid)
> 
> set!(c, 1)
> 
> ∫c = Field(Integral(c, dims=(1, 2)))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
c = CenterField(grid)
set!(c, 1)
∫c = Field(Integral(c, dims=(1, 2)))
```

# output
1×1×5 Field{Nothing, Nothing, Center} reduced over dims = (1, 2) on LatitudeLongitudeGrid on CPU
├── data: OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, Array{Float64, 3}}, size: (1, 1, 5)
├── grid: 60×10×5 LatitudeLongitudeGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 3×3×3 halo and with precomputed metrics
├── operand: Integral of BinaryOperation at (Center, Center, Center) over dims (1, 2)
├── status: time=0.0
└── data: 1×1×11 OffsetArray(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1:1, 1:1, -2:8) with eltype Float64 with indices 1:1×1:1×-2:8
    └── max=0.0, min=0.0, mean=0.0
```

> Few remarks. Note that the `∫c` has locations `Nothing, Nothing, Center`; this is because we have integrated in the first two dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few remarks: note that the `∫c` has locations `Nothing, Nothing, Center`; this is because we have integrated in the first two dimensions.
```

> `c` was initialised as a `CenterField` but the above also applies to `XFaceField`, `YFaceField` and ZFaceField`. 

Author: ```suggestion
`c` was initialized as a `CenterField` but the above also applies to `XFaceField`, `YFaceField` and `ZFaceField`. 
```

Further note that `∫c` is full of zeros; its max, min, and mean values are all 0.
No computation has been done yet.
To compute `∫c`, we call [`compute!`](@ref),

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
compute!(∫c)

# output
1×1×5 Field{Nothing, Nothing, Center} reduced over dims = (1, 2) on LatitudeLongitudeGrid on CPU
├── data: OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, Array{Float64, 3}}, size: (1, 1, 5)
├── grid: 60×10×5 LatitudeLongitudeGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 3×3×3 halo and with precomputed metrics
├── operand: Integral of BinaryOperation at (Center, Center, Center) over dims (1, 2)
├── status: time=0.0
└── data: 1×1×11 OffsetArray(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1:1, 1:1, -2:8) with eltype Float64 with indices 1:1×1:1×-2:8
    └── max=2.55032e14, min=2.55032e14, mean=2.55032e14
```

Above we see that the max, min and mean of the field are all the same.
Let's check that these values are what we expect:

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
∫c[1, 1, 1] ≈ 2π * grid.radius^2 # area of spherical zone with |φ| ≤ 30ᵒ

# output

true
```

We can further have conditional reduced operations. Let's compute the above integral but only for North hemisphere.

> First we need to define a condition which is a function with arguments `(i, j, k, grid, field)` that returns true or false.

Reviewer 2: I think it might be useful (down the track) to talk about how to input your own Boolean masks. While functions are useful for simple slicing (e.g. Northern Hemisphere) if we want to isolate an irregular region (e.g., Gulf of Mexico, Mediterranean, Hudson Bay) it may be more useful to input a bespoke Boolean matrix. I am testing this out at the moment and can add a note when I have a better sense.

Author: We can definitely showcase here how an array can be provided for `condition`, is this what you mean?

        │   └── 4×1×4 Field{Center, Center, Center} on RectilinearGrid on CPU
        └── 2
```

## Averages and integrals

Let's demonstrate now how we can compute the average or the integral of a field over the grid or over some part of the grid.

We start by creating a latitude-longitude grid that only goes up to 30 degrees latitude.
Conveniently, with this latitude extend that grid covers half the total area of the sphere, i.e., `2π * grid.radius^2`.

> Let's try to estimate this are using `Integral` operation. We create a Field, we fill it with ones and we integrate it over the whole grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's try to estimate this are using `Integral` operation.
We create a Field, we fill it with ones and we integrate it over the whole grid.
```

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
using Oceananigans

grid = LatitudeLongitudeGrid(CPU(); size=(60, 10, 5),
                                    latitude = (-30, 30),
                                    longitude = (0, 360),

>                                     halo=(7, 7, 7),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>                                     z=(-1000, 0))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    z = (-1000, 0))
```

c = CenterField(grid)

set!(c, 1)

∫c = Field(Integral(c, dims=(1, 2)))

# output
1×1×5 Field{Nothing, Nothing, Center} reduced over dims = (1, 2) on LatitudeLongitudeGrid on CPU
├── data: OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, Array{Float64, 3}}, size: (1, 1, 5)
├── grid: 60×10×5 LatitudeLongitudeGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 7×7×7 halo and with precomputed metrics
├── operand: Integral of BinaryOperation at (Center, Center, Center) over dims (1, 2)
├── status: time=0.0
└── data: 1×1×19 OffsetArray(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1:1, 1:1, -6:12) with eltype Float64 with indices 1:1×1:1×-6:12
    └── max=0.0, min=0.0, mean=0.0
```

> Few remarks. Note that the `∫c` has locations `Nothing, Nothing, Center`; this is because we have integrated in the first two dimensions. Further notice that there are no values in `∫c`, i.e.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Few remarks. Note that the `∫c` has locations `Nothing, Nothing, Center`; this is because we have integrated in the first two dimensions.
Further note that `∫c` is full of zeros,
```

Reviewer: I don't think you have to show the values. You can already see above that the max, min, and mean are all 0.

Author: Fair point! `interior` is demonstrated anyway in the Field section

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
interior(∫c, 1, 1, :)

# output
5-element view(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1, 1, 8:12) with eltype Float64:
 0.0
 0.0
 0.0
 0.0
 0.0
```

> This is because we need to call `compute!` to apply the field's operand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compute `∫c`, we call `compute!(∫c)`,
```

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
compute!(∫c)

# output
1×1×5 Field{Nothing, Nothing, Center} reduced over dims = (1, 2) on LatitudeLongitudeGrid on CPU
├── data: OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, Array{Float64, 3}}, size: (1, 1, 5)
├── grid: 60×10×5 LatitudeLongitudeGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 7×7×7 halo and with precomputed metrics
├── operand: Integral of BinaryOperation at (Center, Center, Center) over dims (1, 2)
├── status: time=0.0
└── data: 1×1×19 OffsetArray(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1:1, 1:1, -6:12) with eltype Float64 with indices 1:1×1:1×-6:12
    └── max=2.55032e14, min=2.55032e14, mean=2.55032e14
```

> Let's check now that the integration gave us what we expected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above we see that the max, min and mean of the field are all the same.
Let's check that these values are what we expect:
```

```jldoctest operations_avg_int

> ∫c[1, 1, grid.Nz] ≈ 2π * grid.radius^2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
∫c[1, 1, 1] ≈ 2π * grid.radius^2
```

# output

true
```

We can further have conditional reduced operations. Let's compute the above integral but only for North hemisphere.

First we need to define a condition which is a function with arguments `(i, j, k, grid, field)` that returns true or false.
In this example we use `Oceananigans.Grids.φnode` to check whether the latitude is within the range we'd like.

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
using Oceananigans.Grids: φnode

> cond(i, j, k, grid, c) = φnode(j, grid, Center()) .> 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cond(i, j, k, grid, c) = φnode(j, grid, Center()) > 0
```

remember this is a kernel function, not broadcasted.

conditional_∫c = Field(Integral(c, dims=(1, 2), condition=cond)) # only integrates when conditions is true

# output
1×1×5 Field{Nothing, Nothing, Center} reduced over dims = (1, 2) on LatitudeLongitudeGrid on CPU
├── data: OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, Array{Float64, 3}}, size: (1, 1, 5)
├── grid: 60×10×5 LatitudeLongitudeGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 7×7×7 halo and with precomputed metrics
├── operand: Integral of ConditionalOperation of BinaryOperation at (Center, Center, Center) with condition cond (generic function with 1 method) over dims (1, 2)
├── status: time=0.0
└── data: 1×1×19 OffsetArray(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1:1, 1:1, -6:12) with eltype Float64 with indices 1:1×1:1×-6:12

>     └── max=0.0, min=0.0, mean=0.0

Reviewer: I suggest skipping this output and just printing the result of `compute!`

Reviewer: Since we have already demonstrated that we will not get something useful until we call `compute!`

Author: yeap!

```

Above we have attached a condition to the operand. Now the operand is applied only when the condition is true.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's compute and see if we get 1/4 of the area of the sphere

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
compute!(conditional_∫c)

> conditional_∫c[1, 1, grid.Nz] ≈ π * grid.radius^2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conditional_∫c[1, 1, 1] ≈ π * grid.radius^2
```

> ```

Reviewer: missing output

├── data: OffsetArrays.OffsetArray{Float64, 3, Array{Float64, 3}}, size: (1, 1, 5)
├── grid: 60×10×5 LatitudeLongitudeGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 3×3×3 halo and with precomputed metrics
├── operand: Integral of BinaryOperation at (Center, Center, Center) over dims (1, 2)
├── status: time=0.0
└── data: 1×1×11 OffsetArray(::Array{Float64, 3}, 1:1, 1:1, -2:8) with eltype Float64 with indices 1:1×1:1×-2:8
    └── max=2.55032e14, min=2.55032e14, mean=2.55032e14
```

Above we see that the max, min and mean of the field are all the same.
Let's check that these values are what we expect:

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
∫c[1, 1, 1] ≈ 2π * grid.radius^2

# output

true
```

We can further have conditional reduced operations. Let's compute the above integral but only for North hemisphere.

First we need to define a condition which is a function with arguments `(i, j, k, grid, field)` that returns true or false.
In this example we use `Oceananigans.Grids.φnode` to check whether the latitude is within the range we'd like.

```jldoctest operations_avg_int
using Oceananigans.Grids: φnode

cond(i, j, k, grid, c) = φnode(j, grid, Center()) > 0

> conditional_∫c = Field(Integral(c, dims=(1, 2), condition=cond)) # only integrates when conditions is true

Author: ```suggestion
conditional_∫c = Field(Integral(c, dims=(1, 2), condition=cond)) # only integrates when condition is true
```

    └── max=0.0, min=0.0, mean=0.0
```

A few remarks: note that the `∫c` has locations `Nothing, Nothing, Center`; this is because we have integrated in the first two dimensions and thus it's `reduced over dims = (1, 2)`. 

> `c` was initialised as a `CenterField` but the above also applies to `XFaceField`, `YFaceField` and ZFaceField`. 

Author: you introduced UK/Aus spelling

Reviewer 2: haha!
